Update pattern footer (pollution) (#159)
aphp/edsnlp: changelog.md

- `eds.negation` : It takes into account following past participates and preceding infinitives.
- `eds.negation` & `eds.hypothesis` : Introduce new patterns and remove unnecessary patterns.
- `eds.dates` : Add a pattern for preceding relative dates (ex: l'embolie qui est survenue **à 10 jours**).

> - Improve pattern of footer in `eds.pollution` pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve patterns in the `eds.pollution` component to account for multiline footers
```

### Fixed

- `eds.hypothesis` : Remove too generic patterns.
- ``EDSTokenizer`` : It now tokenizes ``"rechereche d'"`` as ``["recherche", "d'"]``, instead of ``["recherche", "d", "'"]``.
- Typos : Fix small typose in the documentation and in the docstring.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
